README.md, before:

# Programming Portfolio
By Maxwell Alvord

A simple html page to house github repo links.

## technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap

## Description

This page will simply house links and provide personal information on the creator, to use application just click on the desired github project repo you wish to visit.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository to your desktop.
* Open portfolio folder.
* Open index.html

### Alternative Setup
* Visit the [gh-pages](maxwell-alvord.github.io/portfolio)

## Known Bugs
* Favorite flavor of potato chips title lower then About Me title.
* If more than 234 characters are added to the editable text window sizing will shrink to fit text rather than a new line.

## License
[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright &copy;
2022 Maxwell ALvord

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

BUGFIX:fixed issue where checkbox would appear next to a photo

README.md, after:

# Programming Portfolio
By Maxwell Alvord

A simple html page to house github repo links.

## technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap

## Description

This page will simply house links and provide personal information on the creator, to use application just click on the desired github project repo you wish to visit. Due to additional project time many extras are located at the bottom for you to play around with if you would like.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository to your desktop.
* Open portfolio folder.
* Open index.html

### Alternative Setup
* Visit the [gh-pages](maxwell-alvord.github.io/portfolio)

## Known Bugs
* Favorite flavor of potato chips title lower then About Me title.
* If more than 234 characters are added to the editable text window sizing will shrink to fit text rather than a new line.

## License
[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright &copy;
2022 Maxwell ALvord

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
